hey what's up in this video I'm going to
share with you six things to do after
you have a Tik Tok that's gone viral
first and foremost if you're watching
this video it's probably because you
have a Tik Tok video that's doing pretty
well so congratulations on that and
before I even get into these six tips
let me start by saying that you should
congratulate yourself you should pat
yourself on the back and you should be
proud of your accomplishments the first
thing that you should do after you have
a Tik Tok that goes viral is keep
posting a lot of people are scared to
post because they think that it's going
to add competition or it's going to
decrease the amount of views that your
viral video is getting and that couldn't
be farther from the truth in fact the
opposite is true when you have a video
going viral if you are sharing more
content to your Tik Tok then those other
videos are also going to get more views
and your overall engagement on your Tik
Tok is going to increase which means
that the Tik Tok algorithm will likely
show your content to even more people
also all these viewers who are watching
your viral video are coming to your
profile looking for more of the same so
if they click and visit your profile and
you only have a few other videos or you
haven't uploaded anything else recently
then there's nothing else for them to
watch so give them something to consume
by sharing more videos tip number two is
to make sure that your bio relates to
your content now your content that's
going viral hopefully already relates to
your Niche but your bio should relate to
your Niche and that content that was
posted if you have a video that's going
viral about rock climbing but people
visit your profile and all of your other
videos are about cake baking and your
bio is about your bakery well then
people aren't likely going to follow you
and they aren't likely going to engage
with any of your other other videos tip
number three is to consider pinning that
video especially if you're going to
continue posting content and continue
sharing other Tik Tok videos consider
pinning the viral video up to the top so
that when people visit your profile they
can find it right away tip number four
is reply to a comment or multiple
comments on the viral video often times
viral videos will get hundreds if not
thousands of comments some of them might
be controversial some of them might be
asking you a question and so if you can
use those comments reply to them with a
video you can really piggyback off of
the success of your viral video and have
it springboard you into more views on
future videos this can also kind of
create a playlist effect similar to how
it works on YouTube so that people can
almost binge your videos and move from
one viral video to the next to the next
to the next and before you know it
someone's watched six of your videos in
a row without even realizing it tip
number five is to post more content that
is specifically related to the video
that is going viral make sure it's about
the exact same topic about the exact
same scenario making content that is
very very similar to the thing that's
going viral will again provide people
with more to look at and more to consume
on your profile that they're already
looking for and then tip number six is
to post that viral video again in about
30 to 60 days I promise you most of your
followers won't remember it a lot of
them won't even see it when you reposted
it a lot of them probably didn't see it
when you posted it the first time so 30
to 60 days after that viral video was
initially posted share it again this
will allow you to create more content
with less time less work less energy
less effort and that video is likely to
do well again because it already went
viral before and it's already proven
that it's a good piece of content so
continue doing this every 30 to 60 days
until you feel that the majority of your
audience has seen the post and again
congratulations on your viral video If
you currently have one that's going
viral thank you so much for watching
this video and if you found it valuable
or informational please press the
Subscribe button because I share more
content just like this every single week